Update both versions of priv pol (#6805)
DFE-Digital/apply-for-teacher-training: app/views/content/service_privacy_notice.md

- getting in touch with you and providers about your applications
- analysing application and service usage data

> Your data will also be shared between Apply and Get into Teaching, which are both delivered by the Department for Education. This is to support your application journey. For example, we’ll send you relevant information and support opportunities. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your data will also be shared between Apply and Get Into Teaching, which are both delivered by the Department for Education. This is to support your application journey. For example, we’ll send you relevant information and support opportunities. 
```

> We will also use the phone number you provide to contact you about whether Get Into Teaching’s teacher training advisers can support you in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will contact you via phone to ask whether you would like help from a teacher training adviser. 
```

> ### Safeguarding and Fraud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Safeguarding and fraud
```
